The course is coming to an end.
But in order to keep your skills sharp it'll be important to continue using node j s so in this video
we're gonna answer the question.
What should I build now.
Aside from building the applications that I originally drew you to learning node what I'm going to do
is offer up three ideas for new features you could add to the apps that we've already created.
This will be a great place to get started.
Now all of these features are quite a bit bigger than any of the challenges included in the course but
all of them are 100 percent doable with what you've learned so far.
So we'll go through all three features the first one is for the weather application so for this one
users need to type in their location.
What you're gonna do is allow them to instead click a button that button is gonna use the geo location
API similar to what we did with the chat application when we allowed users to share their current location
so someone could type in their location like Philadelphia and hit search.
Or they could click this other button when they do that it's automatically going to fetch their location
with their permission of course then it'll go off to the server and get the correct forecast.
So that is idea 1 combining something used in one of the other applications with the weather app.
The next idea is for the to do app location now in need to do application.
Users can upload profile pictures.
You learned how to work with melter to upload files your new feature idea for that app is to allow users
to upload images for their individual to dos.
So if I'm creating a to do such as let's say pay the bills I could include a screenshot of something
as well.
Now you already know how to do that since you have used melter with the User model.
All you'd be doing here is using melter with the to do model.
Now the last idea is for the chat application and this idea is going to allow users to get into an active
chat room quickly a chat room where there's already people inside of it.
Right now when you first visit the chat application you're brought to that page that asks you for your
user name and room name.
Now the user needs to provide both of those by typing in the input fields.
What you're gonna do for this feature is also show them a dropdown so a select t AML element that is
going to have a list of all active rooms.
So to get that done index dot H2 UML is going to need to connect to that socket Don I O back and so
it can get the list of rooms and that means you'll have to add a javascript file and a little bit of
code to get all of that done in the end of the day.
When a new user visits the chat app they should be able to type in the room name manually or they should
be able to pick from a list of rooms that currently have someone inside of them.
All right.
These three feature ideals will give you a few things to work on if you do go through the process of
completing any of these or you just have any questions.
Let's go ahead and use the Q and A for this lesson as a place to post those things.
Now if you end up adding any other new feature ideas to these apps or you end up building an entirely
new application altogether I know I would love to see it and I'm sure other students would as well just
include a link to the demo application so we can mess around with the new features and include a zip
of the code or a link to a github repository.
All right.
That should be a few things to keep you busy for now.
Let's go ahead and move on to the last video.
Figuring out where we could go now in terms of learning something new.